yes, my tallest!
how can you have an operation impending doom 2 without me?
doom. doooom.
shouldn't you be frying something?
but sir, we're still on our own planet
invader blood runs through my viens like giant radioactive rubber pants... the pants command me! do not ignore my viens!
silence!
pitiful human
Gir... help me... there isn't much time!
MADNESS%colen
have you the brain worms?
you won't make a fool of this Irken invader
I'll just have to wait for the skin to grow back on my eyeballs
ow... my spine
mwahahahahahahahahahaha
you lie... YOU LIEEEEEEE%colen
squealing fools%colen
we will begin by testing your absorbancy.
invaders need no one... NO ONE%colen
victory for %me%colen
nothing will stand in my way... not even drool!
so... much... filth!
prepare yourselves for destruction
aaah, the stink of clean
another win for the Irkin Empire... clean lemony fresh victory is mine.
i'm not giving up... i'll destroy you%colen
you! burger lord! how is this meat so clean... so pure?!
inferior human organs!
ow! my squealyspooch!
say, you're full of organs aren't you? and you wouldn't notice if you were missing a few?
evaluation: PATHETIC%colen
surely that was no human bee!
when the repairs are done i shall hunt down that evil death bee.
why am i so amasing?
what is the meaning of this%colen
there is no so worthy as %me%colen
release the pig%colen
this is no man pig
don't come any closer or i will lay eggs in your stomach
get away... you smell like feet%colen
RIDE THE PIG%colen
stupid silent glue boy
i will annihilate you down to your every last cell
i will be in my lab bathing in paste
i will be... LORD OF ALL HUMANS%colen
i will rule you all with an iron fist
i will prepare food with my iron fist
you... obey my fist
i am %me%colen
take me to the meat
i have a MIGHTY NEED to use the restroom
LEAVE NO EVIDENCE%colen
do not invoke the wrath of the Irken elite!
stop sniveling little worm monkey
now to release screaming temporal doom
something is broken and it's not your fault?
the very thought of it make me... makes... little... sicky noises
i have a plan... an amasing plan
FOOLS! i am %me!
time for another amasing plan from me... %me!
i have already stuffed my normal human belly with delicious human filth that i could not eat another bite
ah! ah! THE MEAT!! THE HORRIBLE MEAN%colen
meats of evil! meat of EVIL%colen
is it a fair fight... is this moose weilding any projectile weapons?
i told you that you would would rue the day when you messed with %me... now begin your rueing... i'll just sit here and watch.
dumb like a moose.
the dogs! they're after my meat body of juicy bologna meats.
be quiet
why was there bacon in the soap?
i will call you... pusstulio
come my filthy stink children
you will open your eyes... you have to breath sometime
he is part of the collective now
please buy my candies or my little brother will go insane
they've locked down their fortress... with locks
release me! release me or suffer the wrath of %me
who are you people
rise up and use your revolting limbs to escape this prison
nothing can stop %me... nothing! not even this army of zombies
silence... my victory begins now
more power... give me MORE POWER%colen
prepare to meet your horrible doom
with my mighty fists of horror, and unstoppable cruelty, i am the tool of destruction, vengeance and fury
are we going to have trouble soldier
behold the fortress of pain
soon they'll all be after my delicious guts
i have had enough of your smelly mouth filled with corn
as soon as my skeleton stops being broken i will destroy you
when will the lies end?!
wave of doom
you man the tractor beam, i'll pump the cows full of human sewage
sometimes i'm afraid to find out what goes on in that insane head of yours
you dare tell me what i already know?!?!?!
curse you snacks... CURSE YOU%colen
delicious DELICIOUS... I AM NORMAL%colen
i'm in a bear suit
DESTRUCTION IS NICE%colen
the taste of human annihilation grows stronger in my amasing head
people of earth! prepare to meet the mighty foot of my planet
well... yes... i'm an unstoppable death machine
i congradulate you in recognising my superiority and choosing me to be your love pig!
you magical love adventure begins now
now cry... CRY like you've never cried...... before
you're after my robot bee%colen
yes yes... i'm a master of comedy, now what's this plan
don't touch anything or i'll melt your face off or something
